Doc/document coding process rules (#936)
ApplETS/Notre-Dame: CONTRIBUTING.md

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Coding Process

1. Name your branch using the following format: `{feature/patch/bugfix}/#{issue number}-{issue description}`
 - Example: `feature/#68-migration-to-null-safety`
2. Leave the code in a better state than before your changes. That does mean performing refactoring in the areas around the modified code.
3. Test your changes using unit tests.

> 4. Run `flutter analyze` before submitting a pull request and fix any issue discovered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run `flutter analyze` before submitting a pull request and fix any discovered issues.
```

### Versioning

The CI automatically updates the version in the `pubspec.yaml` file when opening a pull-request using the specified label: `version: Major`,`version: Minor` or `version: Patch`.

  - `version: Major`: used when a complete UI redesign is done or when a complete rewrite is done in the project;
  - `version: Minor`: used when adding a feature in the application;

>   - `version: Patch`: used when no feature was added to the project. This includes refactoring, patchs, bugfix, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `version: Patch`: used when no feature was added to the project. This includes refactoring, patches, bug fixes, etc.
```
